boys there is a more awaited moment
of the year to say what I think is going to
say again if the contest of
fast food restaurant of the year point
mother or if she waits for this day with
Many anxieties, not if not even because
we bothered to participate ok if such
we lose again year after year but this year
it will be different why then because I
I say ok now get to work well
let's get ready for the contest
what happens rolando vidal they are returned
if they know they can not earn them
surely they plan to kill us all there
that kill them all
Y
or guys the judge arrives tomorrow
so we have to prepare a camera
communication that we both should not
to prepare for the contest and so
martín martín flying fleeing edgardo
eduardo and roberto coaching
please but if it's called arely up
fair ladies beauty all have
bizarre good cool still does not even
it seems to me yes it seems a little crazy
martín nothing you can not do anything if
she is good you know and you are you
so ugly is not that is all that
you have to say
We only came to wish you good luck
we do not need luck we are going to
crush them like insects
my art is south south
Excellent presentation
boys
they are the most pathetic team I have seen
in all my years here roberto ponte
well the cap martin break that beard
mocking the beach dough nadal and nayeli
you look very good congratulations
that is a beautiful pizza rolling beautiful
like yours
rolando martin
Knight Pizza Place is the symbol of
impressive maximum efficiency very
awesome double hamburger with
bacon cheese and extra mayonnaise
fucking mother ' jonathan
I do he touched him rest there is not him and you
touch ok
double congress extra bacon mayonnaise
deplored and assured that they are not always like this
here is your pepperoni knight pizza
extra just like many thanks service
of the best an excellent day really
wonderful said gherkins extra true
nothing without pickles mayonnaise extra how
it is possible this gives some problem
red horse took 45 minutes
waiting for a hamburger 45 minutes and
then they do not give me what I asked for that is
That's wrong
Orlando but here is the worst
restaurant of the world I do not know why I keep
coming here what happened with
this and system the burger orlando
defined extra just as requested by
na na na na na na was no gherkins yes
do not
I know exactly what I had
extra no I do not want I do not want anything and
They know that believe me when I tell them but
If I am going to report the current information
of rabid food because you sink to the
Mr. excellent late gentleman
it's disappointing
Roberto does not seriously expect that this
Real mom knows that I have a good
presentiment about this year mamés no
I look like her agile and not even the
names seem to go on with that king
marvin edgardo eduardo roberto alberto
nayeli arely net i can say
demanding service incredible food
just perfect happiness are
we are the best but we are only marvin
Follow the first food nothing
despicable the atrocious service you
they are horrible horrible people is a
very ugly word this store is a
complete and absolute disorder I wonder
what do they do here all day
packed show that you are not a
dirty man judge say I'm dirty but
you are dirty another the evidence to egg
so what about the contest the winner
indisputable
burger I'm sure this is
illegally wanted the national commission of
fast food my god
I'm very tense all the time you have
what to learn to relax you must find
month
eye or you said with the crazy you what
you said
Enjoy while you can team burger
place
i
yes
Y
all right